(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
The Pride Lands will never end
while the Lion Guard is here.
Just like this tiny tree,
we'll keep growing stronger.
Scar will never defeat us!
We'll never give up.
We'll fight for what's right.
We'll defend
the Circle of Life!
Yeah! What you guys said!
ANGA: Lion Guard!
Anga? What's going on?
One of the bird patrols
spotted Scar's army.
Near Mapango Cliffs.
Then that's where we're going.
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
♪ Circles of life
bring the new dawn.
♪ Stay tonight
you can keep fighting on
♪ We don't give up
despite our gains
♪ Both stand tall till
'cause trouble remains
♪ Till the Pride Lands end
♪ With all our friends
we will defend
♪ Till the Pride Lands end
♪ Seasons may change
and we all grow
♪ What's ahead no-one can know
♪ Bigger now in size and heart
♪ Still there's hope
we can start
♪ Till the Pride Lands end
♪ With all our friends
we will defend
♪ Till the Pride Lands end
♪ As we fight this world
♪ No one can ignore
♪ There is no holding back
♪ Power of the growing roar
♪ Till the Pride Lands end
♪ With all our friends
we will defend
♪ Till the Pride Lands end
♪ With all our friends
we will defend
♪ Till the Pride Lands end
♪ Till the Pride Lands end ♪
Well done, Kion. Lion Guard.
Your Majesty.
Thanks, Dad.
Yes, yes!
Kion and the Lion Guard
are growing up.
And Kion's Roar
is more powerful than ever.
Yes. That's true.
Dad? What is it?
You and the Guard
have proven
you can defend
the Pride Lands.
But it hasn't stopped
Scar's army.
We need a change in strategy.
I say,
we take the fight with Scar
into the Outlands.
(BOTH GASP)
Hapana.
No way.
Seriously?
'Bout time if you ask me.
It is time.
Time to defeat Scar
and his followers.
Once and for all.
Dad, even if we defeat
Scar's army,
we don't know
how to defeat Scar himself.
Without his followers,
Scar will be powerless
and we can have peace
in the Pride Lands once again.
We can help, too,
Your Majesty.
My hyenas know the Outlands
better than anyone.
Thank you, Jasiri.
Well...
I guess if everyone
who respects
the Circle of Life helps us...
Yes! Yes! Everyone can help!
Right.
Lion Guard,
we need everyone
who's willing to fight.
I'll get the crocs
and antelopes.
I'll talk to the elephants
and rhinos.
Anga and I
will assemble the birds.
And I'll get the galagos.
Galagos?
I know what you're thinking.
But if we're invading
the Outlands,
we'll need all the help
we can get.
Invade the Outlands?
We better tell Scar.
CHEEZI: Janja!
Why can't we go back to our
den in the Outlands?
Yeah, it's nice
and warm back there.
'Cause Scar wants us
to guard this dump.
So the Lion Guard can't
reclaim it for the elephants.
(GRUNTS) The Lion Guard?
I'm tired of always
havin' to fight them.
Yeah! They keep
kickin' our tails!
It's even worse
now that they're bigger.
Kion's roar
has gotten bigger, too.
And he's got lots
of other animals helping him.
Even Jasiri and her hyenas!
Yeah, yeah. I know. I know.
Maybe Jasiri was right.
Her hyenas seem to be happy
working with the Lion Guard.
Wonder if we would be, too.
Why am I so confused?
Oh. It all
used to be so simple.
What changed? Think!
♪ Why do I feel
this way inside?
♪ Jasiri doesn't fear me
She's been saving my hide
♪ It's like, I know she buys
The whole Circle of Life
♪ I mean, sisi ni sawa's
kinda catchy all right
♪ But Scar's got
a big master plan though
♪ He never give me something
a hyena couldn't handle
♪ Would he?
Which side of the fight
♪ Could it be,
maybe that Jasiri is right?
♪ Sisi ni sawa
Means we're the same
♪ Oh no!
♪ It set something off
inside my brain
♪ She says I can trust her
but I don't know
♪ Could there really be
a new way to go?
BOTH:  ♪ A new way to go
A new way to go
♪ Say, yes instead of no
♪ With the new way to go
♪ A new way to go
A new way to go
♪ Make a friend from a foe
♪ With a new way to go
♪ She always eats
We're always hungry
♪ She got a team
♪ I got these dummies
♪ It's like,
I'd rather be happy
♪ Than scrapping
for food or respect
(GRUNTS)
♪ What's happening?
♪ I think I see it
in a different light
♪ Maybe the stuff I thought
was wrong was right
♪ I think I like it
♪ But I'm still undecided
how to choose, what to do?
♪ A new way to go
♪ Sisi ni sawa
Means we're the same
(GRUNTS)
♪ It set something off
♪ Inside my brain
♪ She says I can trust her
but I don't know
♪ Could there really be
a new way to go
BOTH:  ♪ A new way to go
A new way to go
♪ Say, yes instead of no
with a new way to go
♪ A new way to go
A new way to go
♪ Make a friend from a foe
♪ With a new way to go
♪ Sisi ni sawa
Means we're the same
BOTH:  ♪ A new way to go
A new way to go
♪ Make a friend from a foe
♪ With a new way to go ♪
Mm. Maybe we are
on the wrong side.
Wrong side?
The wrong side of what, Janja?
Oh, never mind, furbrains.
SCAR: What an interesting
turn of events.
Wouldn't you say so, Ushari?
With the Lion Guard preparing
to attack the Outlands?
And Janja thinking
of joining Jasiri?
I'm not sure "interesting"
is the word I'd use...
Oh, don't worry, Ushari.
I'm always two steps ahead.
Ah!
Janja! There you are!
Uh, yeah.
You, uh,
wanted to see me?
Oh, yes.
It's time for another
attack on the Pride Lands.
Another attack?
But the Lion Guard just
kicked our tails this morning.
Maybe we could lay off
of 'em for a bit?
Give me and the boys
some time to recover?
The Lion Guard is planning
to attack the Outlands.
Perhaps they've learned
that Kion is now
powerful enough
to destroy me.
Kion can destroy you?
Oh, yes.
But Kion would have to use
the most powerful roar
he can muster.
And it would have to be here,
in the Caldera.
The fire of the volcano
would utterly consume me.
I'd cease to exist.
Really? Oh...
So...
It's time for the final battle
against the Pride Lands.
Time to say goodbye
to Simba and the Royal Family!
But...
I'll need the hyenas
to distract the Lion Guard
for the plan to work.
Just distract them?
You merely have to lure them
into their Lair
and keep them there
while the rest
of the plan unfolds.
I suppose we could do that...
Excellent!
Shupavu will lead you
to Lion Guard Lair tonight.
Now, go!
Prepare your hyenas!
Uh, okay, Scar.
In the meantime, Shupavu,
fetch me Reirei,
Kiburi and Mzingo.
We will need
their help as well.
Yes, Scar.
If the plan works,
we'll soon be rid
of the Royal Family
and the Lion Guard.
And a potential hyena revolt.
And if the plan doesn't work?
I'm two steps ahead, Ushari.
I already have
another plan in place.
(SCAR LAUGHS)
(BLEATING)
(TRUMPETING)
(CHIRPING)
(GRUNTING)
SIMBA: Zazu, report.
Hadithi has just arrived
with the gorilla warrior,
Shujaa.
That's everyone.
Indeed.
The Lion Guard has gathered
all the other herds.
Excellent.
Kion, I want you
to lead the attack
first thing tomorrow morning.
Zazu, tell everyone
to get some rest.
We'll need them at their best
in the morning.
Yes, sire.
With this many animals here,
I'm sure Scar will know
we're coming.
Yeah. You're probably
right about that.
Are you okay, son?
Everyone knows the plan
against the Outlanders.
I just wish we knew how
to defeat Scar himself.
Don't worry, Kion.
I know you and the Lion Guard
will succeed.
I wouldn't ask you to do this
if I wasn't certain.
Thanks, Dad.
Now, go on.
Don't forget, you'll need
to get some rest, too.
Okay.
♪ So this is my last night
♪ Before the biggest day
of my life
♪ Can one more big fight
♪ Put an end
to all this strife?
♪ We'll finally end this war
♪ Who can know for sure?
♪ There goes
my worried friend
♪ Second time,
I think on his own
♪ When he must defend
♪ No, he won't be alone
♪ I'll be there by his side
♪ Go with him
stride for stride
ALL:
♪ So, bring it on tomorrow
♪ When the Pride Lands unite
♪ We're going in to battle
♪ With bravery...
♪ And might
♪ We'll always do what's right
♪ We will stand
as one and fight
♪ With the end almost in sight
on the last night
♪ Everything looks
safe and sound
♪ But I want to be sure
♪ One more flight around
♪ Will help reassure
♪ The skies all seem clear
♪ No sign of danger here
♪ Yeah, I know
everything's in place
♪ Still those doubts
make my thoughts race
♪ Need someone
to put my mind at rest
♪ Before I take
this final test
ALL:
♪ So, bring it on tomorrow
♪ When the Pride Lands unite
♪ We're going in to battle
♪ With bravery and might
♪ Bravery and might
♪ We'll always
do what's right
♪ We will stand
as one and fight
♪ Stand as one and fight
♪ With the end
almost in sight...
♪ On the last night ♪
Lion Guard Lair is this way.
Remember furbrains,
we need to keep
the Lion Guard distracted
for Scar's plan to work.
Ohhh! Sure are
a lot of Pride Landers
gathering at Pride Rock.
No kiddin', furbrain.
That's why Scar's havin'
us attack 'em now.
Shhh.
We don't want to give
ourselves away.
(GRASS RUSTLES)
Oh. What's that?
Shhh!
Goigoi?
What are you doing here?
Gettin' branches
for the big fire.
Fire?
Yeah.
Things are gonna
get real hot
for Simba
and the Royal Family.
Oh. Guess that's
the other part of Scar's plan.
Yep. I gotta get goin'.
Which way to Pride Rock?
Uh, it's right there, Goigoi.
Oh. Right.
Come on.
We're going around the back.
Grandfather Mufasa?
Yes, Kion. I'm here.
Dad wants me to lead
the Pride Landers
into the Outlands tomorrow,
to fight Scar.
And this worries you?
Yeah. I mean...
We still don't know
how to beat Scar.
I don't even know
if he can be beaten.
All evil can be defeated.
Even when
it's a lion made of fire?
I believe
you can do anything, Kion.
Just stay true
to who you are inside.
And remember...
You can't fight fire
with fire.
Can't fight fire with fire...
That opening in the rocks
is the Lion Guard Lair.
And we need to keep
the Lion Guard distracted
for Scar's plan to work.
Which means you'll need
to get their attention.
How're we gonna do that?
Oh, I know how...
(GIRAFFE BLEATS)
All seems quiet.
(JANJA LAUGHING)
JANJA: Spoke too soon.
ONO: Janja and the hyenas?
Oh, gotta tell Kion.
Kion! Kion!
Ono? What is it?
I've just spotted Janja
and his hyenas.
It looks like they're headed
for Pride Rock.
What?
Get the rest of the Guard!
Affirmative!
Uh, you sure
about this, Janja?
Sure, I'm sure.
It's all part
of Scar's big plan.
KION: Hold it
right there, hyenas!
Janja, The Lion Guard!
Yeah, I see 'em, furbrain.
But they can't stop us
from getting into their Lair.
Come on!
They're headed for the Lair!
Why would they do that?
I dunno.
But I'm sure Scar's got
'em up to something.
Come on!
Keep movin'.
We gotta pile up
a lot more of this stuff
before the vultures arrive.
Scar wants to get rid
of the Lion Guard
and Janja's hyenas.
Hey!
This place is nicer
than our den.
Lots of pretty pictures, too.
KION:
That's far enough, Janja.
Yeah! Get outta our Lair.
You kiddin'? We just got here.
Boys, scatter!
FULI: What are they up to?
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
They must be after
something in the Lair.
But what?
Doesn't matter.
Let's round 'em up,
and kick 'em out.
With pleasure.
Zuka Zama!
Glad he's on our side.
Let's go!
FULI:  Huwezi!
BUNGA: Yaaaaaah!
FULI: Keep goin'!
Get outta here!
Keep runnin' boys!
Anywhere but out!
(GROWLS) Janja!
BESHTE:  Twende Kiboko!
Ahhh...
Wha?
(ONO GASPS)  Hapana!
Kion, we have a problem!
What's that?
Huh?
Scar didn't say nothin' 'bout
a fire while we was in here.
Fellas! Follow me! Now!
(GRUNTS)
CHEEZI: Janja!
CHUNGU: What about us?
Furbrains? Oh, no!
But Scar told us
to go in there...
We've been double-crossed!
I gotta get help.
But the Pride Landers
won't trust me.
And I can't trust
Scar's army!
I know who to trust.
Ya think we should
jump through it?
No!
That fire's too hot.
Even I'm not that dumb.
KION: Hyenas!
Get away from the fire!
If it doesn't hurt you,
the smoke will.
Common knowledge, really.
Kion? The whole Lair
is filling with smoke.
Use the Roar
to blast us outta here.
And risk having
the whole Lair
collapse on us?
I don't think so.
There's gotta be
another way out.
(COUGHING)
Well, we better
find one soon...
Yeah, it looks like all
of Pride Rock is on fire.
Ono! Fly out of here
and make sure
my mom, dad
and Kiara are okay.
Affirmative!
Whoa!  Hapana...
Oh, no!
Ono! You're okay!
Anga?
We chased off the vultures.
But not before
they hit Pride Rock.
What do we do?
Kion's already
given me orders.
We have to help
the Royal Family.
Your majesties,
are you okay?
For the moment.
You wouldn't have any idea
how to help us get down
from here?
No. I'm afraid not.
I do.
You first.
Hey, wait! Whoaa!
Uh, Anga? Be careful!
Always am! Be right back.
Don't go anywhere.
Kion? (COUGHS)
Any ideas?
The fire's too hot
to get close.
We'll need
to wait it out.
Hey! We could use the water
from Beshte's pool
to put it out.
See?
Seriously?
Once the fire
gets close enough?
I was thinkin'.
The water in my pool
has to come from somewhere.
Like somewhere
outside the Lair?
Sure.
The stream that leads
to Lake Shangaza's
not too far from here.
Seems like a good time
to find out if it does.
Be right back.
Your majesties.
Anga says you could
use a lift?
You could say that.
Well, Anga.
I think the two of us
can handle one lion.
Who's next?
Nala?
Excellent! Ready, young Anga?
Always.
(SNIFFING)
Janja!
What are you doing here?
This isn't your territory!
Yeah, I know.
I just, uh...
You what?
I've been thinking.
'Bout something
you said to me
a while ago.
And what's that?
Aw, you know...
♪ Sisi ni sawa
Means we're the same ♪
(LAUGHING)
Well! I never thought
I'd hear you say that.
You were right.
Scar don't care
about us hyenas.
And what made you
realize that?
The rest of my clan
is trapped.
In a fire at Pride Rock.
A fire at Pride Rock?
The Lion Guard's
trapped, too.
And you're
standing here singing?
There's no time to lose!
Let's go!
Uh, okay.
Whatever you say Jasiri!
Guys! Come on!
This is our way out!
Great work, Beshte.
It's a bit of a swim.
So hold your breath
and follow me.
Swim?
Uh, guys?
You know me and water.
We don't exactly get along.
You'd rather be stuck
in all this smoke? (COUGHS)
Don't worry Fuli.
You can just hold on to me.
I'll get you through.
Thanks Beshte.
CHEEZI: Uh, Kion?
Can we come too?
CHUNGU: Please.
I still respect
the Circle of Life.
Even the lives
of those who don't.
Come on!
FULI: Ooh!
Twende Kiboko.
Zuka Zama!
(DEEP BREATH)
(ALL SHARPLY INHALES)
(BREATHING RAPIDLY)
There. Told ya
it wasn't so bad.
Ugh, speak for yourself.
(PANTING)
And... (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Thanks, Beshte.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
That was fun!
We gotta do that
again sometime.
Yeah.
We should.
Oh, no!
Well done!
Thank you, Hadithi.
Anga.
Of course, your majesty.
Sorry about Pride Rock.
It will survive.
There have been fires
there before.
(FIRE CRACKLING)
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
(SCAR CONTINUES LAUGHING)
Scar.
(SIGHS) Ah, Simba.
You've managed
to escape my little scheme.
Too bad the same
can't be said
for the Lion Guard.
Kion?
Oh, no!
KION: Guess again, Scar.
You're okay!
Ah, Kion.
Little leader
of the Lion Guard.
Time for you to lead everyone
out of the Pride Lands.
While you still can.
KION: We'll never surrender
to you, Scar!
(SCOFFS)
You don't have the power
to defeat me.
But if you ever care to try,
you know where to find me.
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
It's like he knows
what we're planning.
Fiery lion, scary.
What do we do?
Perhaps we should
call off the attack.
No. Everyone, listen.
Scar's just trying
to scare you!
Well, it's working.
If he can set
Pride Rock on fire,
what chance do we have
against him?
Kion? We do know
how to defeat Scar.
Don't we?
Well...
Not exactly.
JANJA: I think I can
help you out there.
Janja?
Janja, you came back!
We knew you would.
Furbrains, shhh!
Jasiri? What's going on?
I know it sounds odd.
But I think you should hear
what Janja has to say.
Janja? What brings you here?
I, uh...
I know some stuff
that might be helpful.
Helpful how?
I know how to defeat Scar.
And why should
we believe you?
A sworn enemy
of the Pride Lands.
Go on...
Uh, well...
♪ Sisi ni sawa
Means we're the same
♪ Though I've got spots,
and you have a mane
♪ At the end of the... ♪
Janja! Ugh, I meant,
tell Simba what you know.
Oh! Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right...
No offence, Jasiri.
But it is difficult for me
to believe that Janja
has changed sides.
Your Highness,
you gave me a chance
when no one else
in the Pride Lands would.
If Janja's information
is useful,
we should use it to beat Scar.
If it isn't?
Then we crocodiles
will be happy
to have him
for a late night snack.
(GROWLS)
(GULPS)
Makuu's right, Dad.
If Jasiri believes Janja,
I think we should at least
hear what he has to say.
Kion.
Always willing
to forgive your enemies.
It is a noble trait.
And part of what
makes you, you.
Very well. Janja.
Okay. Well Scar says
that only Kion can defeat him.
By using the Roar.
If the Roar brought Scar back,
I guess it could get
rid of him, too.
But it's gotta be
the most powerful Roar
you've got.
Oh, yeah!
Just blast Scar
with the Roar.
And you gotta Roar
inside the top of the volcano.
So the flames of the volcano
overwhelm Scar.
The top of the volcano?
Huh?
Getting there
won't be easy.
Indeed.
All the more reason
to proceed with the plan
to attack the Outlands.
Yeah. But now it's not
just about defeating
Scar's army.
We have a plan
to defeat Scar as well.
The hyenas
will help too, Kion.
Right?
Yeah. That's right.
All of the hyenas will help.
ALL: Yeah!
Very well.
Kion?
Everyone. Get some rest.
Tomorrow, we go
into the Outlands.
Scar and his forces
will be defeated,
once and for all.
And we will have peace
in the Pride Lands.
(ALL CHEERING)
I like the Pride Landers,
Janja.
Me too!
Everyone's so happy.
Yeah. I think we're on
the right side now.
You sure are. (LAUGHS)
You know, I think I could
get used to that laugh.
SCAR: So predictable.
Janja has joined
the Pride Landers.
And, you're okay with that?
I mean, of course
you're okay with that.
Kion may have the power
to defeat me.
But not the way I told Janja.
If Kion uses
his most powerful Roar
here in the Caldera,
it won't destroy me.
Instead, he'll cause
an eruption so huge
it will destroy
the Lion Guard.
And turn the Pride Lands
into a wasteland.
Yes! (HISSES)
And then we reptiles
can take over everything.
Under your rule, of course.
Oh, yes, Ushari.
You can have
whatever's left...
And I'll need you
for the next part of my plan.
You will?
Yes.
Have I ever told you
how I got my scar?
No. No, you haven't.
I wasn't much older than Kion
when it happened.
Back when I was leader
of my Lion Guard...
(SCAR SINGING
WHEN I LED THE GUARD)
♪ When I was
the Lion Guard's fiercest
♪ I took most patrols
on my own
♪ So when I met
this strange lion
♪ I had no fear of being alone
♪ He said he had
wisdom and power
♪ And the most powerful
should be king
♪ With help from
me and my roar
♪ He and I
could rule everything
♪ I found
his idea intriguing
♪ Though the most powerful
lion was me
♪ But the strange lion
was scheming
♪ And had a friend
I didn't see
♪ That's how I got my scar
♪ When I led the guard
♪ The lion would cure
the snake's venom
♪ As long as I did
what he said
♪ But I lost control
and enraged
♪ I roared and destroyed
them instead
♪ I expected to be praised
near and far
♪ For stopping
that treacherous thing
♪ But Mufasa
just nicknamed me Scar
♪ Then I knew
that he shouldn't be king
♪ That's when I became
♪ Scar
♪ When I led the guard
♪ My first plot
for vengeance
♪ Was spoiled
when I lost the Roar
♪ My second plan
later succeeded
♪ Mufasa was king no more
♪ If not
for that miserable Simba
♪ I'd have ruled Pride Rock
to this day
♪ But now, it is time
♪ For Simba and Kion to pay
♪ That's why I still am Scar
♪ From when I led the Guard
♪ Oh-oh
♪ That's why I still am Scar
♪ And why I'll destroy
the Guard ♪
So, that's how it happened.
Oh, yes.
And so you see, Ushari.
When the time comes,
I will need your help.
What's the plan?
We need to be sure Kion
can no longer
control the Roar.
Which means
today is the day
Kion gets his scar.
It is time.
Til the Pride Lands end...
With all your friends.
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
We'll fight for what's right.
PRIDE LANDERS:
Pride Landers unite.
(TU NA WEZA,
TU NA SHIN PLAYING)
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
Here they come.
And it looks like
Janja's turned against us.
Everything's just
like Scar said.
He's smart. And that's why
we're gonna win.
I hope you're right.
There certainly
are a lot of them.
So? We can take 'em.
Scar said so.
Crocodiles, with me.
You got it Kiburi! (LAUGHS)
(SINISTER GROWLS)
Jackals! You know what to do.
(JACKALS HOWLING)
Oh. Time to assemble
the committee.
Everyone knows the plan.
Keep the Outlanders off us
so we can get
to the top of the volcano.
That's what we'll do.
You got it Kion.
Right.
Do we have to say "please?"
You just did.
(LAUGHS) And here come
the baddies.
(JACKALS SNARLING)
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
(VULTURES SCREAMING)
Anga lenga.
(GROANS)
Oof!
(GROANING)
(WAILING)
Well done, Anga.
Thanks Hadithi.
(GROWLS)
Kiburi.
Bring it, Makuu.
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Whoa!
Argh!
(SCREAMING) Gecko!
Come on, kiddies.
You know what to do.
Antelopes, look out.
Whoa!
Shujaa ponda!
(ROARS)
(GRUNTING)
(JACKALS YELPING)
(SNARLING)
Furbrains,
we're good guys now.
Oh, right!
Sorry, rhinos.
We forgot.
Keep charging, fellas.
Won't happen again.
(GROWLS)
You're all clear, Kion.
Right. Lion Guard, with me.
Scar, the Pride Landers
are winning.
The Lion Guard
is headed this way.
Then it's up to you
and your skinks
to stop them, Shupavu.
Yes, Scar. Of course.
Skinks, with me.
You really think
they'll be able
to stop the Lion Guard?
(SCOFFS) Of course not.
But the Lion Guard
must believe
that we don't want them
to get here.
Yes. (HISSES)
Now Ushari,
get in position.
You know what to do
when they arrive.
Yes. (HISSES)
Yes, I do.
(GRUNTS)
(TRIBAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(HISSES)
Kion. Lion Guard. Welcome.
He does know why we're here,
doesn't he?
I know why you think
you're here.
SCAR: But destiny can be
full of surprises.
Ushari, now!
(HISSES)
(KION GROANS)
(ALL GASPS)
Oh, no!
Ushari!
(GRUNTS)
(SCAR LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
Sisi ni sawa, Kion.
Now you have a scar.
SCAR: Just like me.
♪ Sisi ni sawa means
♪ We're the same
♪ Though you're made of flesh
♪ And I'm made of flame ♪
We're not the same!
I'll never be like you, Scar.
Ooh! Ooh! Use the Roar, Kion.
Blast that guy back
to where he came from.
You don't have the power
to destroy me, Kion.
Don't listen to him!
We believe in you.
Mm? (GROANING)
USHARI: Finding it
difficult to think?
My venom has a tendency
to do that. (GRUNTS)
Use the Roar, Kion.
He's asking for it.
SCAR: You have
the mark of evil.
Just like me, Kion.
Accept your destiny.
There is no other choice!
♪ At the end of the day,
we all are fire and flame
♪ Sisi ni sawa
We are the same ♪
(SCAR LAUGHING EVILLY)
Fire and flame?
MUFASA:  Stay true
to who you are.
Don't fight fire with fire.
Of course!
I do have
another choice, Scar.
Something only one
Lion Guard leader
can do to another.
(LAUGHS)
And? What's that?
I forgive you.
You... You what!
But I can't judge you
for everything you've done.
The Lions of the Past
need to do that.
(BLOWING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(ALL GROWL AND BLOW)
No. No!
What?
Scar's plan failed?
The Roar is a curse, Kion.
You'll see!
Sisi ni sawa!
Stop!
You can't destroy him.
(GRUNTS)
Oh, no, you don't!
(HISSES, GROANS)
(BOTH SCREAMING)
I've got you, Bunga!
(SPLASHING)
(ONO STRAINING)
BUNGA: You can do it, Ono!
(PANTING) Almost there.
There!
(GRUNTS, COUGHS)
Way to go, Ono.
Way to go, Kion.
Poa.
Scar is finally gone.
We've won.
(WIND WHOOSHING)
There they are!
The Lion Guard.
They're okay!
Kion, your face.
I'll be fine.
More importantly...
Everyone,
Scar has been defeated.
The battle for
the Pride Lands is over.
(ALL CHEERING)
But if Scar's gone,
who's in charge
of the Outlands now?
Ooh! Good question.
Yeah! What about us?
If you ask me,
there's only one animal
that can keep the peace
between the Pride Lands
and the Outlands.
And who's that?
You?
Nope,
I ain't that dumb.
From now on, Jasiri
should be in charge
of the Outlands.
Me?
Makes sense to me.
Outlanders, I know
we can all get along
here in the Outlands.
Just so long
as we respect
the Circle of Life.
And if you don't, then
you'll have to answer
to Jasiri's new clan,
which includes us.
Don't worry about us.
If Jasiri's keeping you
in line, the Outlands
might actually be livable.
(ALL BARK)
Actually, we vultures
would prefer a
run-off election.
The top seven candidates
would be narrowed to three.
And the eventual winner
requiring a majority
of no less than 72%...
(BOTH GROWL)
Or we follow
the Circle of Life,
like Jasiri says.
To the victor
belong the spoils!
Don't matter who's in charge.
My crocodiles can fend
for ourselves.
It's the crocodile way.
(BOTH GROWL)
There they go.
Go where? (COUGHS)
Guys? What's going on?
Has the smoke
from the volcano
cleared up yet?
Yeah. Like a long time ago.
Hmm, odd. Everything
still looks pretty
hazy to me.
Ono?
Your eyes look...
Different.
Is that you, Anga?
Everything's looking
a bit fuzzy.
That rescue must have
taken more out of Ono
than we realized.
He did breathe in
a lot of smoke
and ash.
I did. And volcanic fumes
can be poisonous.
It's called vog.
Common knowledge, really.
Don't worry, Ono.
We'll have Rafiki
look at you.
Yeah. He'll know how to help.
C'mon, I'll take you to him!
Okay.
I'll be there too, Ono.
We all will.
Thanks, everyone.
Go ahead, Kion.
We'll make sure
the rest of
the Pride Landers
get home safe.
Thanks, Jasiri.
For everything.
Thank you, Kion.
Asante.
Ow! Still hurts.
Heyvi kabisa.
The mark.
It's just like Scar's.
BUNGA: Kion!
Could Scar be right?
Am I destined
to turn to evil?
Just like he did?
Hey, Kion, c'mon!
Hurry up!
What if the Roar
really is a curse?
(WINCES)
(SHOUTS) Kion!
(ROARS)
(SHOUTS) Whoa!
Was that the Roar?
What's going on?
The Roar just came out!
I... I didn't mean to.
(GROANS)
I believe you, Kion.
Me too.
But we better
make sure Bunga's okay.
Wait, what?
Kion Roared at Bunga?
Ono, shh.
It was an accident!
I'll find him.
Got him!
He looks dizzy. But he's fine.
It's gonna be okay,
Kion.
C'mon, let's go!
Wow! That was
un-Bunga-lievable.
Bunga! I'm so sorry.
I...
I don't know
how that happened.
Hakuna Matata, Kion.
Just warn me
before you do it next time,
so I can really enjoy it.
Yeah.
I think I'm going to need
Rafiki's help, too.
RAFIKI: Hmm. Mm? Yes, yes.
I'm afraid
you are correct, Ono.
The vog has seriously
hurt your eyesight.
Can't you just fix him
like you did last time?
Hmm. Last time Ono
merely had dirt in his eye.
This is more serious.
Only time will tell
if your vision will
return to full strength.
Oh! (COUGHS)
Don't be sad, Ono.
Everyone knows
you saved Bunga's life!
That's right. You were
the keenest of sight
when you saw Bunga
falling into the volcano.
And you were the bravest
to dive after me!
You were the fastest
to reach him in time.
And the strongest
to pull him out.
And fiercest
to never give up.
(CHUCKLES WEAKLY)
I am the Lion Guard.
Ono?
Shwari, Makini.
Ono needs rest.
Now, Kion.
About your eye...
It's more than
just my eye.
Ever since
Ushari bit me, I...
I'm not feeling
quite right.
Hmm. Yes... I have seen
this sort of injury before.
And it is not good.
Scar said
it's the Mark of Evil.
He said it'll make
Kion turn bad.
Honey badger! Hush!
Your heart is racing, Kion.
I'm surprised you are
able to stay so calm.
It's not easy.
I even Roared
at Bunga by accident.
Makini, Tuliza plant.
Yes, Rafiki. Of course.
RAFIKI: Chew on the Tuliza
blossoms, Kion.
Better?
Mm-hmm.
The Tuliza will help
soothe your discomfort.
But it is not a cure.
Kion! Your face!
Rafiki, will he be
all right?
It's just
a scar, right?
The venom from Ushari's bite
is still inside Kion.
If the venom stays
inside him too long,
he may no longer know
the difference between
right and wrong.
Just like Scar.
You can help him
get better. Right?
There is no cure for Kion
here in the Pride Lands.
What?
No!
Rafiki?
But there is still hope!
If Kion is to get better,
he must seek out
the Tree of Life.
Oh, yeah!
The Tree of Life!
That's where animals
with nowhere else to go
go to seek help!
Wait. You've been there?
Yeah! But it's been
a while.
Yes! The Tree of Life
is where I first met Makini.
And the Lions of the Past
told me she would be
the next Royal Mjuzi.
The Tree of Life is
a safe place for animals
who are hurt or sick.
Or if only a few
of their kind are left.
The Tree of Life
is very far away.
And not easy to find.
But there landmarks
to help guide your way.
Hmm, yes. I see.
(RAFIKI LAUGHS)
Yes, yes.
Just follow
the paintings on the stones.
It is only at the Tree of Life
that Kion may find
the cure he needs.
Then that's what I need to do.
I need to go
to the Tree of Life.
Maybe the Tree of Life
can help me, too.
Oh, I'm sure it could!
Then we'll all go with you.
I don't think so.
Why not? With Scar gone
and Jasiri in charge
of the Outlands,
there's finally peace
in the Pride Lands.
Mom? Dad?
After everything
you've done for
the Pride Lands,
I think it's okay
for the Lion Guard
to help you.
I agree. Go Kion.
And have the Lion
Guard go with you.
Poa.
Hey, wait.
Ono's not the Keenest
of Sight anymore.
Doesn't the Lion Guard
still need that?
Bunga!
No, Bunga's right.
I'm not keenest of sight.
But I know who is.
Anga. You should
replace me on the Guard.
Me?
Indeed.
You can see nearly as well
as I did. And you can
fly even higher!
I can't replace you, Ono.
You're not just
the keenest of sight.
You're the smartest, too.
It's okay. You'll be great.
Common knowledge, really.
Ono's right, Anga.
The Lion Guard needs you.
Okay. I'm honored.
Anga. Now you are
the Keenest of Sight.
Oh. Guess that's it.
I'm not on the Guard anymore.
Not as the keenest of sight.
But Anga's right, too.
You're the smartest animal
I know.
And that's why I still
need you on the Lion Guard.
Ono, you are the Smartest.
(LAUGHS) Look at that!
Can he do that?
He just did.
Kion is leader
of the Lion Guard.
That's right. And now
the Lion Guard
has six members.
(LAUGHS) Never one
for tradition, is he?
That's my boy.
SIMBA: Safe travels,
Lion Guard.
Thanks, Dad.
You know how
to get there?
Don't worry,
your majesty.
I've memorized the landmarks
that point the way
to the Tree of Life.
And I'll keep watch
from the sky.
But we should
probably get going.
Like my dad always says,
"The sooner you go,
the sooner you get there."
That's right.
So let's go already!
Bring Kion home safe.
Of course, Your Majesty.
MAKINI: Wait for me!
Makini?
I have agreed
to let Makini go with you.
I've already been
to the Tree of Life,
remember?
When I was little!
Poa! I'm sure we could use
the help. Right, Ono?
Uh... I guess?
And I can give you Tuliza
whenever you need it.
Oh! That'd be great, Makini.
Good luck, Kion.
Thanks, Kiara.
Keep Tiifu and Zuri
out of trouble
while we're gone.
I will.
Hopefully, you'll be
back in time for
Kiara's first hunt.
I hope so.
We'll miss you, son.
Everyone ready?
(LAUGHS) It seems
other Pride Landers want
to wish you luck as well.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
Lion Guard, let's go.
(TRUMPETING)
(SCREECHING)
(GIBBERING)
Don't worry, Kion.
We zebras will protect
the Pride Lands
while you're away.
Okay. Thanks, Thurston.
(LAUGHS) I told you
he knew my name!
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC CONTINUES)
Till the Pride Lands end.